226-228 Essex Road
London N1 3AP
Start your review of Canonbury Veterinary Practice
Although this is not the closest vet to my place, I chose this vet since it was close to my mate I was adopting my new pup from. I figured we'd be by often enough for visits that it made sense, especially after hearing so much positive reviews for them in the area and discovering they have a user friendly website.I adopted a new puppy so the services I needed were basic - exam, shots - overall prevention stuff. The place was inviting. The workers were clearly animal people who fawned over my little man. Titan (my new puppy) got a clean bill of health and they discussed things to look out for based on breed. I also like that there is a pet store there with equipment, leashes, toys and so on. It sort of took the sting out of the vet visit- since Titan was able to peruse the toys and find a leash/collar that looked dashing on him. They also had lots of suggestion and information on pet training/socialization.It proved to be an all around good source for my new pet. I'm very happy with them
On moving to the area and checking out the various veterinary options we concluded that this one looked clean and professional and had the best facilities when compared with the competition. It has since recently expanded further to add surgical capability.Our two cats were duly taken along for their first check-up, which kicked off with a talk on responsible pet ownership. It transpired that, having been taken in by the advertising and ready availability at the local supermarket, what we were feeding them was wholly unsuitable and basically junk food (eek, how shameful!). In addition we were giving them too much of it - cats should be treated like "bonsai panthers" and kept lean and keen. It was suggested we could try giving them a raw chicken wing as a treat on occasion (cooked bones were bad for them).Duly admonished we stocked up on the more wholesome and natural Lily's Kitchen and Meowing Heads cat food sold by the adjoining pet shop, and, to the cats' disgust, reduced their portion sizes. When presented with a raw chicken wing (an outdoors only treat!), clearly having become accustomed to the cat equivalent of burgers and chips, and being the least convincing bonsai panthers ever likely to be seen, the cats quickly abandoned it in favour of a snooze on the sofa whilst they waited for something more palatable to turn up in their bowls.On their second annual check-up we arrived slightly apprehensive that we had failed to instill in them any appetite for the lifestyle of a bonsai panther, but all was fine (well, they're still on the larger side but it's not that they're fat, they're just big boned. Honestly, it's the nature of the breed!)I feel confident that this Practice knows what it's doing and, should my cats require anything more than a check-up and booster vaccinations, would be very capable of delivering a high standard of treatment and care.The reception staff always seem cheerful and friendly and are happy to help if you're looking for something in particular in the pet shop side of things, which stocks a good selection of food and other pet paraphernalia. I can never resist picking up some kind of treat when doing the food shop, and have returned home with everything from scratching mats, feather toys, and even a cat sensory centre (don't ask)!
I haven't actually used this vets myself, though it seems to be well regarded. What it does have is an excellent pet store. No live animals, but lots of useful and fabulous stuff. Prescription and fancy diets. Pet toys. Harnesses. Specialist cat litter. The sort of things that might be difficult to find in a standard pet store. The lines tend to be luxury and specialist, sometimes imported from the States. The prices aren't the cheapest, but quality is excellent. If there's something you've been looking for, or you want something a little special, this could be the place. Go in with no such ideas and you'll probably find something that suddenly becomes essential for your pet
We have used Canonbury vet quite often since we got our dog. They offer a really friendly and professional service and I always feel that my pet is in safe hands. I think they have four vets working there but we mainly see the same two, who now know our dog quite well. Their phone is manned 24 hours so you can ring out of hours for advice, which is very reassuring. Canonbury Vet arranges puppy classes in the shop on Tuesday nights, so puppies who are not yet fully vaccinated can go and socialise with other little ones. This is great for people who do not have other dog friends to visit. There is a seperate pet shop in the same building and it has got everything you need from food to toys, bedding and treats!
The vets here seem really good, very professional and capable. The service here has always been good and when you register, they give you a free check up and weighing as well as a 30 minute consultation on how to care for your pet. This was great for us as new puppy owners! It's quite expensive however, and they can be very slow in filling out and sending insurance forms. The puppy party on Tuesday evenings is great! Invaluable for socialising pups who can't yet go out and possibly the cutest thing ever!
Nice clean vet. Fay is the best caring and professional vet. My first experience taking my Pomeranian was to get her nails clipped. The nurse checked her nails out and said they were actually fine but only a couple needed trimming so she did it and did not charge me. Very kind. The vet prices are not cheap but they are caring. Excellent choice of dog food and treats. They will text you to remind you of your appointments or when your order has come in.
I'm a dog owner and the vets there were recommended to me by other pet owners several days ago. I believe that if there is a problem, you can contact them without a hesitation and they will take care of your adored puppies, kittens etc. I'm happy that you can find and rely on such reliable specialists these days.
I have used this vet surgery a few times. Firstly, I found the initial service good, and friendly reception staff. The actual vets I saw, though, were a bit stand offish, and not very good at explaining what they thought the problem was with my pet, which I wasn't too impressed with. But they sorted out the problem alright, and the rates are alright compared to some other places. I just think they could have been a bit more accommodating to the pet owners and letting them know what's going on with the animals.
Very good vets you should bring your animal there
The clinic is excellent and they take great care of Max, or Labrador. We make all his annually shots here and if there's something wrong with him, we take him here. The staff is gentle to the animals and knows what they're doing.